DOC-2171: change documentation entry for TINY-9764 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2901)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== Change `UndoLevelType` from `enum` to union type so that it is easier to use
// TINY-9764

> Previously in {productname} 6.3, a TypeError for `type: "complete"` was triggering when trying to fire a change event, due to it not been assignable to the type 'UndoLevelType'.
> 
> {productname} 6.7 addresses this issue, by updating the `UndoLevelType` from a `enum` type to a `union type`, resulting in the TypeError no longer presenting itself within the console, when the fire event is triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {productname} 6.3, a TypeError for `type: "complete"` triggered when attempting to fire a change event. The TypeError was triggered due to it not being assignable to the `UndoLevelType` type.

{productname} 6.7 has addressed this issue by updating the `UndoLevelType` from a `enum` type to a union type.

As a consequence, when the change event is fired, the TypeError is no longer triggered.
```
Suggested copy edit.
